TestFlight 3.5.2 License Agreement
ENGLISH

APPLE INC.

TESTFLIGHT SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT TestFlight Application

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT (“LICENSE”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APPLE SOFTWARE. ANY INSTALLATION AND/OR USE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE ON THIS DEVICE OR ON YOUR OTHER SUPPORTED APPLE-BRANDED DEVICES IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, UNLESS ACCOMPANIED BY A SEPARATE LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT INSTALL AND/OR USE THE SOFTWARE ON THIS DEVICE OR ON YOUR OTHER SUPPORTED APPLE-BRANDED DEVICES. THIS LICENSE SUPERSEDES ANY PRIOR VERSIONS OF THE LICENSE INTO WHICH YOU HAVE ENTERED.

1. General.

A. The Apple software, and any third-party software, documentation, interfaces, fonts and any data accompanying this License whether in read only memory, on any other media or in any other form (collectively the “Apple Software”) are licensed, not sold, to you by Apple Inc. (“Apple”) for use only under the terms of this License. Apple and/or Apple’s licensors retain ownership of the Apple Software itself and reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.

B. Apple, at its discretion, may make available future upgrades or updates to the Apple Software for your compatible Apple-branded device. The Apple Software upgrades and updates, if any, may not necessarily include all existing software features or new features that Apple releases for newer or other models of macOS, iOS, tvOS, or other Apple-branded hardware. The terms of this License will govern any software upgrades or updates provided by Apple to the original Apple Software product, unless such upgrade or update is accompanied by a separate license in which case you agree that the terms of that license will govern such upgrade or update.

2. Permitted License Uses and Restrictions.

A. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License and as permitted in the “Services and Content Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions (https:// www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/), you are granted a limited, non-transferable, non- exclusive license to install and use the Apple Software on any compatible Apple-branded device that you own or control in accordance with the terms of Section 2B. You may not distribute or make the Apple Software available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Apple Software.

B. Beta App Usage Terms. The Apple Software may allow you to access pre-release Apps from Apple and/or third-party developers that may or may not be identified with a mark (e.g., a colored dot) when loaded onto your Apple-branded device (“Beta Apps”). Your use of the Beta Apps will be in accordance with the latest Apple Media Services Terms and Conditions for the country in which you access the App Store as well as the TestFlight Terms of Service and any other terms or license included by Apple or a third-party developer (if any). The TestFlight Terms of Service will be presented to you for review and acceptance prior to your use or download of any Beta Apps.

C. Limitations. You may not, and you agree not to or to enable others to, copy (except as expressly permitted by this License), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, decrypt, modify, or create derivative works of the Apple Software or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open sourced components included with the Apple Software). You agree to use the Apple Software in compliance with all applicable laws, including

local laws of the country or region in which you reside or in which you download or use the Apple Software.

3. Consent to Use of Data.

A. Analytics Data. If you opt in to Analytics collection for the Apple Software (the TestFlight Application), you agree that Apple and its subsidiaries and agents may collect, maintain, process and use diagnostic, technical, usage and related information, including but not limited to unique system or hardware identifiers, information about your device, computer, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to provide and improve Apple’s products and services, facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the Apple Software, and to verify compliance with the terms of this License. Apple may use this information, as long as it is collected in a form that does not personally identify you, for the purposes described above. To enable Apple’s partners and third-party developers to improve their software, hardware and services designed for use with Apple products, Apple may also provide any such partner or third-party developer with a subset of diagnostic information that is relevant to that partner’s or developer’s software, hardware and/or services, as long as the diagnostic information is in a form that does not personally identify you.

B. Privacy Policy. At all times your information will be treated in accordance with the terms of this License and as described in Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be viewed at: https://www.apple.com/ legal/privacy/.

4. Pre-release Software.

Note: This Agreement applies to both commercial release and pre-release versions of the Apple Software, as applicable.

A. Using Pre-Release Apple Software. Pre-release versions of the Apple Software are time limited and meant for test and evaluation purposes only. Pre-release versions should not be relied upon to perform in the same manner as a final-release, commercial-grade product, nor should they be used with important data. Pre-release versions may contain inaccuracies or errors that could cause failures or loss of data and may be incomplete. Before installing any pre-release versions of the Apple Software, You should back up Your data and regularly back up your data while using.

B. Confidentiality. You agree that pre-release versions of the Apple Software will be deemed “Apple Confidential Information”; provided however that upon the commercial release of the Apple Software, such pre-release versions of the Apple Software will no longer be confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Apple Confidential Information will not include: (i) information that is generally and legitimately available to the public through no fault or breach of Yours, (ii) information that is generally made available to the public by Apple, (iii) information that is independently developed by You without the use of any Apple Confidential Information, or (iv) information that was rightfully obtained from a third party who had the right to transfer or disclose it to You without limitation.

You agree to protect Apple Confidential Information using at least the same degree of care that You use to protect Your own confidential information of similar importance, but no less than a reasonable degree of care. You agree to use Apple Confidential Information solely for the purpose of exercising Your rights and performing Your obligations under this Agreement and agree not to use Apple Confidential Information for any other purpose, for Your own or any third party’s benefit, without Apple's prior written consent. You may disclose Apple Confidential Information to the extent required by law, provided that You take reasonable steps to notify Apple of such requirement before disclosing the Apple Confidential Information and to obtain protective treatment of the Apple Confidential Information. You acknowledge that damages for improper disclosure of Apple Confidential Information may be irreparable; therefore, Apple is entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunction and preliminary injunction, in addition to all

other remedies.

5. Termination. This License is effective until terminated. Your rights under this License will terminate automatically or otherwise cease to be effective without notice from Apple if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this License. Upon the termination of this License, you shall cease all use of the Apple Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Apple Software. Sections 2C, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, and 11 of this License shall survive any such termination.

6. Disclaimer of Warranties.

A. YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, USE OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE AS WELL AS ANY CONTENT OR APPS DISPLAYED BY OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE APPLE SOFTWARE (COLLECTIVELY, THE “APPLE SOFTWARE” FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 5 AND 6) IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU.

B. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE APPLE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLE AND APPLE’S LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS “APPLE” FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 5 AND 6) HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS.

C. APPLE DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS IN THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES. INSTALLATION OF THIS SOFTWARE MAY AFFECT THE AVAILABILITY AND USABILITY OF THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE, APPLICATIONS OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES, AS WELL AS APPLE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES.

D. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE APPLE SOFTWARE IS NOT INTENDED OR SUITABLE FOR USE IN SITUATIONS OR ENVIRONMENTS WHERE THE FAILURE OR TIME DELAYS OF, OR ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN, THE CONTENT, DATA OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY THE APPLE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, LIFE SUPPORT OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS.

E. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE OR AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE APPLE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

7. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, CORRUPTION OR LOSS OF DATA, FAILURE TO TRANSMIT OR RECEIVE ANY DATA OR INFORMATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR

LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR ANY THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE OR APPLICATIONS IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE APPLE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF APPLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Apple’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.

8. Export Control. You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Apple Software except as authorized by United States law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Apple Software was obtained, and any other applicable laws and regulations. In particular, but without limitation, the Apple Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or regions or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List or any other restricted party lists. By using the Apple Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use the Apple Software for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles or nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or any other military end uses as defined in 15 C.F.R. § 744.

9. Government End Users. The Apple Software and related documentation are “Commercial Items”, as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation”, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

10. Controlling Law and Severability. This License will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its conflict of law principles. This License shall not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this License shall continue in full force and effect.

11. Complete Agreement; Governing Language. This License constitutes the entire agreement between you and Apple relating to the Apple Software and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this License will be binding unless in writing and signed by Apple. Any translation of this License is done as a courtesy or for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this License shall govern, to the extent not prohibited by local law in your jurisdiction.
